elder brother
Are you sure you want to offend me for this pariah?
You can only make this Phoenix Palace
His Royal Highness the War Emperor will be the most unstoppable in the future
Long Jin Nengde
His Royal Highness the Warlord rewards the teacher
In the future, I am afraid that I will sail the entire Xuan Kingdom
What a pity, Governor Long
I could have taken another shot with the Longjing wind
Now it seems that only
Sister Dong, I'm really curious
Where did your confidence come from?
presumptuous
You, a bottom-level moth, don't deserve to question my godmother
The owner of the tent emperor is hard to find
Since he agreed to meet my godmother
She will definitely support my godmother
You'd better think of how to help yourself.
Humph
No need to talk to this lowly and ignorant woman
Later, the young general of His Royal Highness the War Emperor
Vermilion Bird's direct disciple
Waiters will be ordered to invite tenders
You are not allowed to ruin the invited tenders
His Highness the War Emperor who must not be angered
everyone
Longyan stone as my heart south
Regardless of all our top interests
Resolutely defend this arrogant bitch
Therefore, I represent His Royal Highness the War Emperor today
This appetite occurs when punishing Longyan severely
In order to safeguard the face of my oath and power
How is it?
You are not qualified for me
Is the general calling me?
Wanting Hotel can be removed.
Yes